feat: add troubleshoot section for web3modal (#926)
WalletConnect/walletconnect-docs: docs/web3modal/troubleshoot.mdx

# Troubleshooting

> Here you will find the required documentation to resolve technical errors and implement alternative solutions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you will find additional documentation to help resolve technical errors and implement alternative solutions.
```
